https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQb95vNx5i8&t=1s

We wanted to automate the job application process so students wouldn't have to waste time and could focus more on their academics. We took inspiration from simplify, and we wanted to take it one step further and automate the entire process. This app automates the entire job application process with one click and actually fills out all the fields, unlike our competitors at Simplify. It also automatically applies to multiple jobs without clicking on them. It does this by filtering what jobs you want to apply to. We used OpenCV to detect open input fields from which we extracted text using Python Tesseract. We then matched it up with a dictionary of the candidate's information and filled in the information using the dictionary. We used PyAutoGUI to scroll through the application and click on the necessary parts of the application, such as dropdown menus or text fields. We also used PyAutoGUI to automate the job application process. Every time we encountered a question that our app did not have the immediate answer to, we used a RAG agentic llm to store preloaded context from the user's resume and any other previous employment-related information. We had to apply to job applications that had a variety of different layouts, and we also had to fill in information that may require human intervention. Next, we want to make this even more seamless and add the ability to speed up the time it takes to fill in each application as well as manage larger user load. Our solution as of right now only caters to a few users, and we would like to see this project become usable to many users.
